The true history of ancient human civilization is far older and was far more
advanced than we were ever taught in school.
In the mysterious sight of Machu Picchu in Peru is just one example of this.
You do not need an advanced degree or to memorize a bunch of definitions in
textbooks in order to analyze data and interpret things for yourself.
And to clearly see that there are two different technologies here that were done
at two different times by two different civilizations. Now,
mainstream science will tell you that Machu Picchu,
which is of course famous for their views,
for being hidden in the remote regions of the proven Andy's more than 8,000 feet
up. And although located not far from Cusco,
which is of course the ancient capital of the Incan empire,
it remained hidden until it was rediscovered in the year 1911,
by get this explorers from the United States. Now,
mainstream academics will tell you that the Incan empire built Machu Picchu,
which by the way,
translates to ancient mountain back in the 14 hundreds in order to hide from the
Spaniards. However,
the explanation by mainstream science and academics contradicts itself
throughout the site.
And I'm gonna show you very specific examples of that in just a moment. Now,
a few of the notable features of Machu Picchu is of course, the funerary stone,
which mainstream academics will tell you was used for rituals and for religious
purposes. But I mean, just looking at this myself one,
it's impressive that it was carved from one piece of stone, but I can't help,
but see that it looked like it was part of something else at one point in time,
or even take the famous sundial,
which many in the mainstream would agree that it has some sort of celestial
orientation on top of being more than just a clock.
Another feature of Machu Picchu is the mortar stones,
which mainstream will tell you had some sort of religious significance that
perhaps they were used to be filled with water in order to reflect the sky gods
from above. I don't know when I look at this and just the orientation of them,
I can't help,
but think that this is just what's left over from something else that was there
a very long time ago.
But when you haven't heard much about from the mainstream archeologists and
historians and scientists regarding Machu Picchu is the definitive evidence that
yes, there were two civilizations here.
So to further elaborate on that when you see these stones that are perfectly
cut, some in the mainstream will tell you that, okay,
well obviously these must be newer since they were a superior technology,
but that doesn't make sense considering throughout the site,
these perfectly cut stones are at the bottom of the less superior, uh,
stones that are encompassed with clay mortar.
So how could the stones that were cut through more sophisticated technology be
at the bottom if they were the same age or newer,
which is why others in the mainstream will tell you that? Well,
obviously they figured that this was just too hard,
too difficult and too lengthy of a process.
So they went back to the less sophisticated mortar stones,
which is a really interesting claim by mainstream scientists considering that
contradicts themselves in itself that throughout history,
the evidence is that technology progresses. It doesn't regress.
So scientists, which base everything on fact and evidence. Well,
I just find it interesting that they would make that claim. I myself,
the opinion of Brian Forester,
which is that the incons found this ancient site from prehistoric times likely
pre cataclysm,
which of course I've discussed in other videos involving the events of 13,000
years ago and 11,600 years ago.
And I'll put some links for those videos at the end of this video,
but Brian Forester, if you're not familiar with,
I'll also include links to his YouTube channel in his website.
But this gentleman has more than 900 videos and he's been to dozens and dozens
of megalithic sites throughout the world. And he shows you hands, you know,
as if you were there for yourself, there was homemade videos. And by the way,
the last three pictures were screenshots from his most recent video of Machu
Picchu, definitely go to his channel, liken, subscribed to him,
and you'll learn all kinds of other amazing things that will influence you to
look into the subject of lost ancient high technology for yourself. Now,
to expand on the topic of ancient technology,
how in the world were the incons able to cut and carve stones like this? I mean,
it's one thing and I've of course seen demonstrations of people using string
saws and water and sand,
or even bras saws in order to cut through stone and carve them.
But I would like to see a demonstration of where the curve stones such as this
tower on the right or an explanation for these pillars,
these knobs that come out of the rocks that clearly show you that there were
some sort of roofing system or something else to this structure long ago.
And this is just what's left of it. I mean,
look at the precision of these stones,
they are completely flushed with each other. Like I said,
there was no mortar utilized and you can see a clear difference. Let's say,
for example,
what the wall down below verse the tower that these are just two different
technologies absolutely done in two different ways. So the question becomes,
how did the ink have the technology or even the intellectual know-how in order
to cut and carve stones to this, with this precision at that point in time.
But there's a significant gap in how this was done and it's completely
mysterious.
And it's mysterious because while we don't have the tools or the evidence to
show that they were able to cut and carved these stones with this type of
precision, I mean, look in the center of this, what's called the sun temple.
Look at those cut marks. It says if they were shaved out of there, I mean,
it's credit. It's absolutely incredible, but it gets even more interesting.
Look how these stones are cut,
flush to the ceiling of this massive stone or even the cutouts from the
doorways, which, I mean, they made this as difficult as possible,
but it gets even crazier. I mean, what is the story with, I mean,
look at the steps, for example, which are pretty unique. I don't,
it looks like it was part of something else at one point in time,
how did they cut something so big? I mean, that's debatable.
I'm not saying we couldn't have done that,
but why in the world would they cut and shape stone? Say for example,
on the right, as he flush and go sideways into this little gap,
what is that about and how did they do that? I mean, even look at these blocks,
it's one thing to cut a square block and stack flat stones on top of them,
but they literally made this as difficult as possible.
They literally made it earthquake proof for,
to be able to withstand massive earthquakes for thousands of years.
Another example at Machu Picchu have lost ancient high technology is what's
referred to as the principal temple,
look at these photos and how the structure has sunk in and fallen apart a little
bit on the right hand side,
which experts have theorized that somewhere between a nine to a 9.5 magnitude
earthquake would have been necessary in order to cause this type of destruction
based on how massive these stones are.
But this contradicts itself for the mainstream scientists who claim that these
large cut stones of the more superior precision are
newer because after all these other structures that you see here at Machu Picchu
would not have been able to survive a nine to a 9.5 magnitude earthquake,
or probably not even an 8.0, so it completely contradicts themselves altogether.
But going back to the principle temple,
you can see these knobs on the upper part of it.
You can see the knobs on the right-hand side and left-hand side,
as well as these two holes on each side. So four holes in total on each side,
I should say. And the,
also the cutout knobs on the two massive stone blocks right there. I mean,
clearly what we're looking at here was part of something completely different in
that, again, this is just what's left of it. Now, earlier in the video,
I mentioned Cusco, the capital of ink and empire.
Now there are relics leftover from the Incan empire,
as well as this lost ancient civilization.
And when you walk down the many sidewalks and streets of Cusco,
one side of the street will have one technology.
And the other side of the street will have the complete opposite.
And when you look at some of these cut marks, I mean, oh my goodness,
what would it take to do that? Again, show me a string,
saw able to cut and carved these many corners. I mean, in modern day,
modern day, stonemasons literally utilize diamond bit drills,
routers and machines in order to do anything of this magnitude. In fact,
they even use computers and lasers and other types of technology in order to
measure and construct these things.
So how are the agents able to do it despite such a lack of evidence or the
ability to do so based on what mainstream academics have taught us again,
I don't doubt the abilities of ancient humans,
except for the fact that we have so little evidence of any of this.
It makes you wonder.
And when you make the comparison between Cusco and going back up to the walls up
in Machu Picchu, and forgive me for some of these graphics,
I got these photos off Google images, obviously,
but when you make the comparison, it's pretty unbelievable. And this reminds me,
and I'll have to make a video on Saskatchewan, mine,
which is also located just minutes from Cusco.
These stone blocks are unbelievably heavy. They're huge. And again, you know,
going back to string sauce and brown sauce,
somebody please demonstrate cutting stones on this magnitude and
stacking them again.
I've seen videos of people lifting stones and moving stones,
absolutely huge through primitive methods,
but this Stonewall is unbelievably incredible and just a complete mystery.
How could they have done this? Like I said,
the true history of ancient human civilization is far older and was far more
advanced than were ever taught in school.
And you don't need an advanced degree to realize this Machu Picchu is just one
example of this.
I highly recommend you check out the water erosion around the enclosure of the
Sphinx go Beckley Teppei Gunung Pedang,
which I'm making a video on I'm working on that now.
But if this topic interests you,
I highly recommend you check into the works of John Anthony West Randall
Carlson, Graham Hancock, uh, Robert.
Bevel, uh, Richard, Chris, Sarah, when there's many, many others, uh,
that are worthy of mention that have influenced me to make these videos and
share what they've learned through decades of research.
And clearly the truth is coming out guys. So I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight like, and subscribe, leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many other videos to come in a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care, everybody.